Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to make our codes more readable.
Okay, now, over here we have a variable called subcategory value, and we set is equal to a test which
is going to say sheds.
And definitely since it's a test, it is a data type of string.
Okay, now what we can do is instead of having this test which is shared, we can have a test which
is going to say sub category.
And of course, you know, this must be this must be within the sub category list, right?
So what we can do is we have to copy this, okay?
Copy this and head to our subcategories list.
We have that within the utilities and yeah, okay, we have this women men category men subcategory.
Sorry, we have to pay that over there.
So.
And we need a comma buyer.
Okay, I'm just going to copy this.
Copy this paste for the women.
And pays for the phones and pays for the shoes.
I'm just going to have my trainer come over here and you can just have for the rest.
Candy is going to do this one more time.
You can cut for the rest or probably this as well.
Okay.
Now you can hide for the rest.
And.
Over here in the middle category, we can have another value which is going to say select.
Select.
Main category.
Okay.
This country needs to save now and back to the flawed products.
He says of this man, we can then say select.
Main category.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is you can see over here.
You can still buy a.
We are basically using the SAT state to update the subcategory value to the shared.
That is, if the user chooses the main subcategory and if the user chooses the women category, then
we want to update the subcategory value to say dress right.
But you can see currently we have it says we say subcategory over here.
And you can see why we have a test with this subcategory.
And we also do have a test which is subcategory, right?
So what we can just do is we can get rid of that straightaway, get rid of the set state.
And the reason for this is because we want each subcategory to have that subcategory as is first test.
We can get rid of this.
And get rid of this.
Okay.
I think this is more easier to read now.
So what we are basically saying is if the value is equal to demand, that is, if the user chooses the
men subcategory, then.
So if the user chooses the main, main category, then we want to display the main subcategory.
Right.
Okay.
You can see over here we created a list called subcategory list and we are basically updating that to
whatsoever category.
The user chooses the same thing via.
And after this we then have to set stage set state to change the main category value.
To whatsoever value the user chooses.
Remember, you need a logical buyer and also we have to change the sub category value to a default value,
which is just going to say a subcategory.
And of course, this is not changeable.
Right.
This is going to be the default value or to start this now and check it out.
I know this would be very, very confusing at the moment, but most of the time you just have to go
back to it again and try to understand why, know this would be very confusing at this point.
Okay.
And now we have to try.
And you can see saying select men category and now we can pick men and default it sets to what subcategory
that is the first item and we'll click on it and you can see we have just the men's subcategory over
there.
And women, you can see a sense of category and you can see we have just women subcategories displayed
over here and click on electronics.
And you can see we have just electronics displayed over here and we have this test.
We see a subcategory and you know where that is coming from, right?
Okay.
Now what we can then do is we can make our codes more more cleaner.
Instead of having this year, we can just get rid of it.
I think it's NCA.
Did it.
And so we copy first and delete.
Okay.
And.
Over a year.
Over here.
We can then create a function and we can call this function select main.
Category.
Okay.
We have to pass the value of the value of whatsoever.
This is going to choose.
And it is a type of string and can be nor.
Okay.
Enough is this.
You can see that is why we have to pass the value.
Get rid of it over here and you're going to see this is going to be undefined.
Okay.
So that's why we have to pass it over there.
It's necessary.
Right.
So we are basically saying if the value is equal to demand, we want to update the subcategory list
to demand elseif is equal to we meant.
We then want to update the subcategory list to women.
And so as if electronics, if you want to do for the rest, you just have to use the save again and
so on.
That's how you do for the kids, the accessories and others.
Look for the numbers to go with this theory.
And now we have to call the select main category.
Select main category.
Where are you?
Okay.
I can't be able to select.
Main.
Select me category and this.
Okay.
Also, we start this.
But we start in.
We just have to wait for it and hopefully understand.
But definitely, I know this is very confusing at this point.
Okay.
It's going towards we start this.
And not to change.
Click on it, man.
And so I want to upload four.
I want to upload the product.
Right?
So the first thing is to select the main category and I'm uploading a main related clause so I can choose
this man and I want to upload sheds for the man category.
Right.
This shed we have sheds, we have t shirt jackets, it's just called vest and shot so I can choose this
shirt.
Okay.
You can see since.
Good.